Hello, my friends, welcome back.
I'm sure you feel amazing after having built your very first artificial neural network.
But remember, that's only half part of the job.
The second half will be, of course, to train it on the whole training set.
And we're going to do this in two steps.
The first one is to compile the hénin with an optimizer lost function and a metric which will be, of
course, the accuracy because we're doing some classification.
And then the second step will be, of course, to train the N.N. on the training set over a certain
number of ebooks.
Are you ready?
Let's do this, starting with this first step.
Compiling the A.N..
All right.
So once again, doing this will be super simple thanks to the Tensor Flow Library that integrated keris,
because indeed to compile are a and we first need to start from our end n object, which I remind was
created as an instance of the sequential class.
And then from this object, we're going to call a new method, which this time of course, won't be
the add method.
But can you actually guess what this method is going to be?
You know, there is no trap, intensive flow, nor any confusion.
Well, the method to compile an artificial neural network is simply the compile method as simple as
that.
Right.
We didn't even have to look at the tensor flow documentation, which, by the way, I still recommend
to have look at, because you will get a lot of information on the diverse tools you have in the tens
of library.
But here, it's super intuitive.
It's super easy.
So now I have a next question for you.
According to you, what do we have to enter as parameters inside this compound method?
Well, I actually said it.
We have to enter three parameters.
The first one is the optimizer to choose an optimizer.
Then the second one is to luss to choose the lost function.
And the third one is the matrix with an S parameter.
Because no.
That you can actually choose several metrics to evaluate your Eynon at the same time.
But we will only choose one and we will choose the accuracy.
But there you go.
These are the three parameters.
So I suggest that we start by entering them and then we'll enter their values.
Okay.
So let's start with the first one up to Mizer equals.
All right.
And come to the next one is the loss for the last function.
And finally, the third one is the metrics parameter.
All right.
So for the optimizer, which one would you like to get?
Well, into intuition lecturers.
Curole mentioned that the best one are the optimizers that can perform to gas the gradient descent.
And the best of them, you know, the one that I recommend by default is the atom optimizer, which
is very performance optimizer that can perform stochastic gradient descent.
And by that, let me just remind what's the Cassey gradient descent allows to do?
Well, you know, it is what will update the weights in order to reduce the loss error between your
predictions and the real results.
You know, when we trained in and on the training set, we will at each iteration.
Compare the predictions in a batch to the real results in the same batch.
And that optimizer here will update the weights through stochastic gradient descent because we're going
to choose Adam Optimizer to add the next iteration, hopefully reduce the loss.
All right.
So that's why right here we have to choose an optimizer, but also lost function, which is the way
to compute the difference between the predictions and the real result.
And then the accuracy, of course, because that's our final evaluation metric.
All right.
So as we said, we're going to choose the Adam optimizer.
And the code name for that is simply but with no capital letter.
Adam.
OK.
Congratulations.
Now you know how to compile an artificial new network with an optimizer.
But then we also have to combine it with a lost function.
And now you have to know something very important.
When you are doing binary classification, you know, classification, when you have to predict a binary
outcome.
Well, the lost function must always be the following.
One entered in quotes, of course, which is binary underscore cross entropy just like that.
And now let me tell you what you would have to enter if you were doing non binary classification.
You know, like, for example, predicting three different categories.
Well, here you would have to enter a category call cross entropy loss.
OK.
For binary classification, the laws must be binary cross entropy and for non binary classification,
the laws must be categorical.
Cross entropy and then also, you know, entering non binary classification.
When predicting more than two categories.
Well, the activation should not be sigmoid.
But softmax.
Right.
I take this opportunity to also give you the other cases of classification which you could encounter.
Okay.
Now you know everything.
And then remember that for regression, because we can also do artificial neural networks for regression.
Well, we have this free course, which I.
Give me the link, you can just take this course for free and you will get the full implementation of
an artificial new network for a regression case study.
So you have really everything that you can do with an artificial neural network.
All right, great.
And now let's enter the final parameter here, metrics.
As I said, we can actually choose several metrics at the same time.
Therefore, in order to enter the values of this parameter, well, we have to enter them in a pair
of square brackets, which is supposed to be, you know, the list of the different metrics with which
you want to evaluate your hénin.
During the training.
But we will only choose the main one.
You know, the most essential one, which is the accuracy in which you have to enter in quotes.
All right.
Accuracy, just like the classic spelling.
And now.
Now.
Congratulations.
You know how to do a fool compile of your hénin with an optimizer, a loss and some metrics.
Perfect.
So now let's move on to the ultimate step, meaning the step where we will train the Eynon onto the
whole training set.
So let's create a new code cell.
And now, according to you, how do we need to start this training?
Well, once again, you know, it's always the same thing.
We need to take our A and an object, then call a new method, which will perform the training and then
enter a couple of parameters.
So let's do this.
Let's start with AION and first or object.
And then according to you, what will be the method that can train you?
Afternoon.
That network on the training set.
Well, nothing has changed here.
And actually, I think I said it earlier in the course, the method to train whatever machinery model
is always the same one.
It is the fit method, the fit method, and which will take always the same parameters.
The first one is X train for, you know, the matrix of features of the training set, then Y train
for the deben voidable vector of the training set.
And then when training an artificial new network, we actually to enter two more parameters which are
first batch size, because indeed batch learning is always more efficient and more performant when training
in artificial new network.
Meaning that instead of comparing a prediction to the real result one by one, you know, to compute
and reduce the loss.
Well, you're going to do that with several predictions compared to several real results into a batch
and the batch size here.
You know, the batch size parameter gives exactly the number of predictions you want to have in the
batch to be compared to that same number of real results.
And the classic value of the batch size that is usually chosen is 32.
Right.
If you don't want to spend too much time tuning this hyper parameter, well, I recommend to choose
the default value.
Thirty two.
But anyway, I wanted to highlight that hyper parameter here because indeed it is very important to
remember that we doing batch learning.
Okay, so batch size equal 32.
And finally, I'm sure you know which final parameter we have to end to here.
That's of course the number of books, you know, a neural network has to be trained over a certain
amount of Epic's.
So as to improve the accuracy over time.
We will clearly see that once we execute this cell.
So the name of the parameter for the number of Epic's is simply Epic's.
And while you will see that it will go very fast so we can just take one hundred bucks.
But once again, feel free to choose another number as long as it is not too small because you know,
your neural network needs a certain amount of epochs in order to learn properly, you know, learn the
correlations to get the ultimate best predictions.
All right, great.
So we're actually done with point three now.
So I suggest we no longer wait and that we execute all the sales.
We haven't executed so far, which I think, you know, start from part two, right?
Yes.
This was the last cell of the data pricing phase.
It was run properly.
So let's actually run each cell one by one and see what we're gonna get in the end.
During the training.
So let's go with this one.
Initializing the A and.
Good.
Now this one adding the input layer and the first hidden layer.
Now this one adding the second hidden layer.
All good.
And now this one adding the output layer.
All good still.
Now we enter part three.
Executing first.
This cell compiling the N.N..
All good.
And now are you ready, my friends?
We're about to train the artificial neural network on the training set.
Over one hundred epochs.
And here we go.
The training is starting.
And as I told you, it's going pretty fast.
But look at this.
Look at the accuracy and how it is evolving over the box.
And we can see that it is actually increasing pretty fast.
And mostly we see that it is actually converging.
No converging pretty quickly.
You know, we converged at all.
In 86, you know, at about the 20th airpark, we actually didn't need that 100 bucks, but 20 was fine.
But anyway, you know, it's going really fast and I'm sure it's very over soon now because indeed.
Yes.
There we go.
The training was done in more or less 20 seconds.
And the final accuracy we get on the training set, we'll have to check the same on the test set is
averaging around four point eighty six.
That's really good.
That means that out of 100 observations, you have 86 correct predictions.
So congratulations.
You made a very good first deep learning model.
You can be proud of yourself and mostly now you can take a little break because we're going to enter
part four and not only we're going to end support for, but also you're going to see that you're going
to have a little homework, which will consist of predicting the result of a single observation, winning
a single customer.
You will have to predict of this customer will stay in or leave the bank.
You will enter your solution here and we will implement a solution together in the next tutorial.
So make sure to do it.
Please try at least to do it.
You actually know how to do it because we already learned how to do a single prediction before, you
know, a prediction of a single observation.
So you have everything.
Maybe check out again by three classification if you have a doubt.
But there you go.
That's your homework.
You have to use our Ayen and Model to predict if the customer with the following information will leave
the bank.
Yes or no.
And he's following inflammations or that it is a French customer with a credit score of 600, a male
one.
He is four years old.
He has been in the bank for three years.
He has sixty thousand dollars in his account.
He has to pirogues in the bank.
He has a great car indeed.
He is also an active member and he has an estimated salary of fifty thousand dollars.
And the question is, so shall we say good bye to that customer?
Well, please figure it out and we will see if you're right.
In the next tutorial.
Until then, enjoy machine learning.